Users/razvanmanole/go tool download link (#21404)
microsoft/azure-pipelines-tasks: Tasks/GoToolV0/README.md

 
    For more details about the versions, see [Go Language Release Page](https://golang.org/doc/devel/release.html).
 
* **GOPATH:** Specify a new value for the GOPATH environment variable if you want to modify it.

* **GOBIN:** Specify a new value for the GOBIN environment variable if you want to modify it.

> * **Go download base URL:** Base URL for downloading Go binaries. Leave empty to use the default (https://go.dev/dl). Supported URLs:

Author: I have decided to remove Base from names of parameter and env variable.
I think it brings more confusion than value. If you agree please resolve the comment.

> * **Go download base URL:** Base URL for downloading Go binaries. Leave empty to use the default (https://go.dev/dl). Supported URLs:

Author: We need to keep limited flexibility for the optional parameter, and we don't want to advertise too much the alternative to regular users in order to avoid confusion. As it has its differences.
GOPATH and GOBIN are labeled like that in task.json. I will leave it as it is.

  - `https://go.dev/dl` - Official Go distribution site (default)

>   - `https://aka.ms/golang/release/latest` - Microsoft's builds of Go with additional patches and enhancements

Reviewer: Link repo and intro doc, and IMO it is better to avoid the value judgment of "enhancements" here:

```suggestion
  - `https://aka.ms/golang/release/latest` - the [Microsoft build of Go](https://github.com/microsoft/go), a fork of the official Go distribution. See [the Migration Guide](https://github.com/microsoft/go/blob/microsoft/main/eng/doc/MigrationGuide.md) an introduction to this build
```
